README.md, before:

# Pokeca Scraper

This repository contains Playwright scrapers for various card shop sites. The `ciel_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [ciel-toreca.com](https://ciel-toreca.com/) and appends new entries to the `その他` sheet of the Google Spreadsheet.

- **title** – gacha title when available
- **image URL** – link to the thumbnail
- **URL** – link to the gacha detail page
- **PT** – point cost text

The scraper runs automatically via GitHub Actions.

This repository contains several scrapers for various card shop sites. A GitHub
Actions workflow automatically runs the Ciel scraper on a schedule.
main

[![.github/workflows/scrape_ciel.yml](https://github.com/kuuhaku1102/pokeca-scraper/actions/workflows/scrape_ciel.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kuuhaku1102/pokeca-scraper/actions/workflows/scrape_ciel.yml)

## Iris Toreca Scraper

The `iris_scraper.py` script collects pack information from [iris-toreca.com](https://iris-toreca.com/). It uses `requests` and `BeautifulSoup` to scrape the list page and writes the result to the `その他` sheet in the same spreadsheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python iris_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_iris.yml` runs this scraper automatically on a schedule.

## Oripa ex-toreca Scraper

The `oripa_ex_scraper.py` script scrapes pack data from [oripa.ex-toreca.com](https://oripa.ex-toreca.com/). It uses `requests` and `BeautifulSoup` to gather pack titles, image URLs, detail page links and PT values, then appends them to the `その他` sheet of the same spreadsheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python oripa_ex_scraper.py
```

This scraper is executed automatically via the `.github/workflows/scrape_oripa_ex.yml` workflow.

## Dokkan Toreca Scraper

The `dokkan_scraper.py` script collects gacha details from [dokkan-toreca.com](https://dokkan-toreca.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and appends new rows to the `その他` sheet with the title, banner image URL, detail page URL and PT value. Existing URLs are skipped to avoid duplicates.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python dokkan_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_dokkan.yml` runs this scraper weekly.

## Spark Oripa Scraper

The `sparkoripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha data from [sparkoripa.jp](https://sparkoripa.jp/). It uses `requests` and `BeautifulSoup` to scrape the top page and appends the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value to the `その他` sheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python sparkoripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_sparkoripa.yml` runs this scraper on a schedule.

## Eve Gacha Scraper

The `eve_gacha_scraper.py` script gathers gacha information from [eve-gacha.com](https://eve-gacha.com/). It uses `requests` and `BeautifulSoup` to scrape the top page and appends the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value to the `その他` sheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python eve_gacha_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_evegacha.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Japan Toreca Scraper

The `japan_toreca_scraper.py` script collects oripa information from [japan-toreca.com](https://japan-toreca.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and appends the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value to the `その他` sheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python japan_toreca_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_japan_toreca.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Orikuji Scraper

The `orikuji_scraper.py` script fetches gacha information from [orikuji.com](https://orikuji.com/). It uses Playwright to collect the title, image URL, detail page link and PT value from the front page, skipping entries that already exist in the `その他` sheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python orikuji_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_orikuji.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Dopa Game Scraper

The `dopa_game_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [dopa-game.jp](https://dopa-game.jp/). It uses Playwright to fetch the list page and extracts the title, thumbnail URL, detail page link and PT value. New entries are appended to the `その他` sheet, skipping rows with a duplicate detail URL.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python dopa_game_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_dopa_game.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Dopa Game Banner Scraper

The `dopa_game_banner_scraper.py` script retrieves banner image URLs from [dopa-game.jp](https://dopa-game.jp/). It uses Playwright to collect the alt text, image URL and site URL from the top page slider and appends them to the `news` sheet, skipping entries with a duplicate image URL.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python dopa_game_banner_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_dopa_banner.yml` runs this scraper automatically.


## Ram Oripa Scraper

The `ram_oripa_scraper.py` script gathers gacha information from [ram-oripa.com](https://ram-oripa.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and collects the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New entries are appended to the `その他` sheet, skipping duplicates.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python ram_oripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_ram_oripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.


## Toreca Rainbow Oripa Scraper

The `oripa_toreca_rainbow_scraper.py` script collects gacha data from [oripa.toreca-rainbow.com](https://oripa.toreca-rainbow.com/). It uses Playwright to grab the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from the top page and appends new rows to the `その他` sheet. Existing URLs are skipped to avoid duplicates.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python oripa_toreca_rainbow_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_toreca_rainbow.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Ichica Scraper

The `ichica_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [ichica.co](https://ichica.co/). It uses Playwright to gather the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from the main page. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet, skipping entries with a duplicate URL.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python ichica_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_ichica.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Oripalette Scraper

The `oripalette_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [oripalette.jp](https://oripalette.jp/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python oripalette_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_oripalette.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Smash High Scraper

The `smash_high_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [smash-high.co.jp](https://smash-high.co.jp/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the item title (from the image's `alt` attribute), image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python smash_high_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_smash_high.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## YK Oripa Scraper

The `yk_oripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [yk-oripa.com](https://yk-oripa.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python yk_oripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_yk_oripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Toreca.io Scraper

The `toreca_io_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [toreca.io](https://toreca.io/). It uses Playwright to scrape the main page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python toreca_io_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_toreca_io.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Dokodemo Oripa Scraper

The `dokodemooripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [dokodemooripa.com](https://dokodemooripa.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python dokodemooripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_dokodemooripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Alpha Oripa Scraper

The `alpha_oripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [alpha-oripa.com](https://alpha-oripa.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python alpha_oripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_alpha_oripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Black Gacha Scraper

The `blackgacha_scraper.py` script gathers gacha information from [blackgacha.com](https://blackgacha.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and collects the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python blackgacha_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_blackgacha.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Torekazi Scraper

The `torekazi_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [torekazi.com](https://torekazi.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the main page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python torekazi_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_torekazi.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Sweet Toreka Scraper

The `sweet_toreka_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [sweet-toreka.com](https://sweet-toreka.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the main page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python sweet_toreka_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_sweet_toreka.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Jin Studio Oripa Scraper

The `jinstudiooripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [jinstudiooripa.com](https://jinstudiooripa.com/product/pokemon). It uses Playwright to scrape the listing page and extracts the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python jinstudiooripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_jinstudiooripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Rises Scraper

The `rises_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [rises.jp](https://rises.jp/product). It uses Playwright to scrape the listing page and extracts the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.
## Tora Net Oripa Scraper

The `tora_net_oripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [tora.net-oripa.com](https://tora.net-oripa.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>

python rises_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_rises.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python tora_net_oripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_tora_net_oripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

Commit message:

Update Oripa Dash banner scraper to capture links

README.md, after:

# Pokeca Scraper

This repository contains Playwright scrapers for various card shop sites. The `ciel_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [ciel-toreca.com](https://ciel-toreca.com/) and appends new entries to the `その他` sheet of the Google Spreadsheet.

- **title** – gacha title when available
- **image URL** – link to the thumbnail
- **URL** – link to the gacha detail page
- **PT** – point cost text

The scraper runs automatically via GitHub Actions.

This repository contains several scrapers for various card shop sites. A GitHub
Actions workflow automatically runs the Ciel scraper on a schedule.
main

[![.github/workflows/scrape_ciel.yml](https://github.com/kuuhaku1102/pokeca-scraper/actions/workflows/scrape_ciel.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kuuhaku1102/pokeca-scraper/actions/workflows/scrape_ciel.yml)

## Iris Toreca Scraper

The `iris_scraper.py` script collects pack information from [iris-toreca.com](https://iris-toreca.com/). It uses `requests` and `BeautifulSoup` to scrape the list page and writes the result to the `その他` sheet in the same spreadsheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python iris_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_iris.yml` runs this scraper automatically on a schedule.

## Oripa ex-toreca Scraper

The `oripa_ex_scraper.py` script scrapes pack data from [oripa.ex-toreca.com](https://oripa.ex-toreca.com/). It uses `requests` and `BeautifulSoup` to gather pack titles, image URLs, detail page links and PT values, then appends them to the `その他` sheet of the same spreadsheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python oripa_ex_scraper.py
```

This scraper is executed automatically via the `.github/workflows/scrape_oripa_ex.yml` workflow.

## Dokkan Toreca Scraper

The `dokkan_scraper.py` script collects gacha details from [dokkan-toreca.com](https://dokkan-toreca.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and appends new rows to the `その他` sheet with the title, banner image URL, detail page URL and PT value. Existing URLs are skipped to avoid duplicates.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python dokkan_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_dokkan.yml` runs this scraper weekly.

## Spark Oripa Scraper

The `sparkoripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha data from [sparkoripa.jp](https://sparkoripa.jp/). It uses `requests` and `BeautifulSoup` to scrape the top page and appends the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value to the `その他` sheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python sparkoripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_sparkoripa.yml` runs this scraper on a schedule.

## Eve Gacha Scraper

The `eve_gacha_scraper.py` script gathers gacha information from [eve-gacha.com](https://eve-gacha.com/). It uses `requests` and `BeautifulSoup` to scrape the top page and appends the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value to the `その他` sheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python eve_gacha_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_evegacha.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Japan Toreca Scraper

The `japan_toreca_scraper.py` script collects oripa information from [japan-toreca.com](https://japan-toreca.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and appends the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value to the `その他` sheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python japan_toreca_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_japan_toreca.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Orikuji Scraper

The `orikuji_scraper.py` script fetches gacha information from [orikuji.com](https://orikuji.com/). It uses Playwright to collect the title, image URL, detail page link and PT value from the front page, skipping entries that already exist in the `その他` sheet.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python orikuji_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_orikuji.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Dopa Game Scraper

The `dopa_game_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [dopa-game.jp](https://dopa-game.jp/). It uses Playwright to fetch the list page and extracts the title, thumbnail URL, detail page link and PT value. New entries are appended to the `その他` sheet, skipping rows with a duplicate detail URL.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python dopa_game_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_dopa_game.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Dopa Game Banner Scraper

The `dopa_game_banner_scraper.py` script retrieves banner image URLs from [dopa-game.jp](https://dopa-game.jp/). It uses Playwright to collect the alt text, image URL and site URL from the top page slider and appends them to the `news` sheet, skipping entries with a duplicate image URL.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python dopa_game_banner_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_dopa_banner.yml` runs this scraper automatically.


## Oripa Dash Banner Scraper

The `oripa_dash_banner_scraper.py` script retrieves banner image URLs from [oripa-dash.com](https://oripa-dash.com/user/packList). It uses Playwright to collect each banner's image URL and link URL from the top slider and appends them to the `news` sheet, skipping entries with a duplicate image URL.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python oripa_dash_banner_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_oripa_dash_banner.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Ram Oripa Scraper

The `ram_oripa_scraper.py` script gathers gacha information from [ram-oripa.com](https://ram-oripa.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and collects the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New entries are appended to the `その他` sheet, skipping duplicates.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python ram_oripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_ram_oripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.


## Toreca Rainbow Oripa Scraper

The `oripa_toreca_rainbow_scraper.py` script collects gacha data from [oripa.toreca-rainbow.com](https://oripa.toreca-rainbow.com/). It uses Playwright to grab the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from the top page and appends new rows to the `その他` sheet. Existing URLs are skipped to avoid duplicates.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python oripa_toreca_rainbow_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_toreca_rainbow.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Ichica Scraper

The `ichica_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [ichica.co](https://ichica.co/). It uses Playwright to gather the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from the main page. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet, skipping entries with a duplicate URL.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python ichica_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_ichica.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Oripalette Scraper

The `oripalette_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [oripalette.jp](https://oripalette.jp/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python oripalette_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_oripalette.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Smash High Scraper

The `smash_high_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [smash-high.co.jp](https://smash-high.co.jp/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the item title (from the image's `alt` attribute), image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python smash_high_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_smash_high.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## YK Oripa Scraper

The `yk_oripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [yk-oripa.com](https://yk-oripa.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python yk_oripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_yk_oripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Toreca.io Scraper

The `toreca_io_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [toreca.io](https://toreca.io/). It uses Playwright to scrape the main page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python toreca_io_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_toreca_io.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Dokodemo Oripa Scraper

The `dokodemooripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [dokodemooripa.com](https://dokodemooripa.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python dokodemooripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_dokodemooripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Alpha Oripa Scraper

The `alpha_oripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [alpha-oripa.com](https://alpha-oripa.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python alpha_oripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_alpha_oripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Black Gacha Scraper

The `blackgacha_scraper.py` script gathers gacha information from [blackgacha.com](https://blackgacha.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and collects the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python blackgacha_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_blackgacha.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Torekazi Scraper

The `torekazi_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [torekazi.com](https://torekazi.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the main page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python torekazi_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_torekazi.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Sweet Toreka Scraper

The `sweet_toreka_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [sweet-toreka.com](https://sweet-toreka.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the main page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python sweet_toreka_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_sweet_toreka.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Jin Studio Oripa Scraper

The `jinstudiooripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [jinstudiooripa.com](https://jinstudiooripa.com/product/pokemon). It uses Playwright to scrape the listing page and extracts the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>
python jinstudiooripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_jinstudiooripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

## Rises Scraper

The `rises_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [rises.jp](https://rises.jp/product). It uses Playwright to scrape the listing page and extracts the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.
## Tora Net Oripa Scraper

The `tora_net_oripa_scraper.py` script collects gacha information from [tora.net-oripa.com](https://tora.net-oripa.com/). It uses Playwright to scrape the top page and gathers the title, image URL, detail page URL and PT value from each entry. New rows are appended to the `その他` sheet while skipping entries with duplicate URLs.

Run locally:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
export GSHEET_JSON=<BASE64_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON>

python rises_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_rises.yml` runs this scraper automatically.

export SPREADSHEET_URL=<YOUR_SHEET_URL>
python tora_net_oripa_scraper.py
```

The workflow `.github/workflows/scrape_tora_net_oripa.yml` runs this scraper automatically.
